DOCS-478 and DOCS-589: Refactor movement sensor and add new ADXL345 attributes (#1045)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/movement-sensor/gps/gps-nmea.md

---
title: "Configure an NMEA-based GPS"
linkTitle: "gps-nmea"
weight: 10
type: "docs"
description: "Configure an NMEA-based GPS."
# SMEs: Rand
---

A global positioning system (GPS) receives signals from satellites in the earth’s orbit to determine where it is and how fast it is going.

> All supported GPS models provide date for the `Position`, `CompassHeading` and `LinearVelocity` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All supported GPS models provide data for the `Position`, `CompassHeading` and `LinearVelocity` methods.
```

> Fix and Correction data are available by using the sensor `GetReadings` method, which is available because GPSes wrap the [sensor component](../../../sensor/).

Reviewer: I think this is on mulltiple pages.

> Fix and Correction data are available by using the sensor `GetReadings` method, which is available because GPSes wrap the [sensor component](../../../sensor/).

Author: ```suggestion
You can obtain fix and correction data by using the sensor `GetReadings` method, which is available because GPSes wrap the [sensor component](../../../sensor/).
```
